what's crazy to me is that people like
Margaret seem more worried about their
cows and ghosts than their own safety
coach Tara Tara Keely academically a ham
hock a tomato basically aadmi work with
Geneva the movie about lady data when I
asked him about humans he says it hasn't
happened he hasn't heard of it and he's
not worried about it for centuries this
is probably how it's been with leopards
across most of India a constant tussle
over livestock but few attacks on people
leopards are much more active after dark
with two large Cubs to feed there's a
good chance that Zara will sneak down
off the hill in search of a meal
you